hi everybody today i want to recap the
thriller movie called the boy next door
hope you enjoy claire peterson separates
from her husband garrett after he was
caught cheating with his secretary her
colleague and best friend vicky lansing
urges claire to divorce
nineteen-year-old noah sanborn moves in
next door to help his uncle who uses a
wheelchair
they learn that noah is now an orphan
following a fatal car accident in his
family the previous year
his parents died last year
i'm always got now in the way of family
seems like a nice boy
noah befriends kevin claire's teenage
son and begins attending his school
where claire teaches classics
noah is drawn to claire expressing love
for homer's iliad
with kevin and garrett away on a fishing
trip noah catches claire watching him
change clothes through her
window claire goes on a miserable double
date with vicky and her boyfriend ethan
and his ill-mannered friend benny
so ethan tells me you teach
english is it the classics
i mean i don't know how many kids
nowadays are going to use what they
learned from
classics silly me i just want them
educated
i'm fine with education but we got to
get them working
practical skills
that's where the money is
pleasure to me
with kevin still away noah calls claire
over to help him cook
she ends up having dinner with him
during which he unashamedly flirts with
her
what
dad you're beautiful
oh no i'm amazing
natural sexy despite claire's hesitation
she lets noah seduce her and has
passionate sex with him
so sexy
noah it's a night
in the window
it doesn't feel wrong
[Music]
the following morning claire wakes up
and tells noah that she regrets their
night together causing him to punch a
wall in rage
the school year begins with noah joining
claire's class after hacking into her
computer making it appear as if she had
requested this
kevin
did you send an email from my account to
principal warren
sounds like you've been hacked
noah manipulates kevin into hating his
father causing him to lash out at
garrett
tell him about your computer class he's
learning how to write his own software
i dropped it
what
i dropped it from boxing now
you're going out for bucks you don't
like boxing
how would you know seriously how would
you know what i like and what i don't
like am i missing something here yeah
okay you're missing it for nine months
dad you you just can't come back in here
and expect to pick up like nothing
happened you know what mom i got i got
home
later kevin over exerts himself at gym
class and goes into shock noah saves his
life by injecting him with kevin's
epipen
claire receives flowers from noah and
she confronts him about it
after noah witnesses claire and garrett
together at home after going on a date
he has flashbacks of him and claire
having sex as he escalates his obsession
with her
after an incident where noah defends
kevin from his bully that cause him to
slams the bully's head into a locker
repeatedly vicki who is vice principal
at the school discovers that noah was
kicked out of his previous school for
disorderly conduct
after noah insults her she expels him
i'm not done i am i'm not sit down
you know what i see
i see a pattern of disturbing behavior
poor impulses
a pathetic old woman who's trying to
look and act like something she's not
something she'll never be
it's a dried-up
dirty
[ __ ] [ __ ]
you're gone you're expelled
during the fall fling claire goes to
investigate a leak in the boys bathroom
where she sees the words i [ __ ] claire
peterson written on the wall before noah
emerges
he attempts to rape her but she fends
him off and demands that he stay away
from her and kevin
the following day noah leaves a printer
running in claire's classroom with
pictures of them sleeping together
scattered everywhere
later when garrett's car breaks fail to
work he and kevin are nearly involved in
an accident
that evening claire finds noah with
garrett and kevin in her drawing room
noah blackmails claire telling her that
he has a video of them having sex which
he will relinquish to her if she
continues sleeping with him
she refuses and has vicky lure noah away
from his house so she can break in and
delete their sex tape
while there she finds nude pictures of
herself all over the walls and on his
laptop
she also finds instructions on how to
tamper with the breaks of garrett's car
and nose parents car
with the help of ethan's detective
friend she learns the truth about the
car accident in nose family
noah binds and gags vicky with duct tape
and uses a recording of her voice to
lure claire to her house
when claire arrives she discovers vicki
dead a horrified claire contacts the
police but runs into noah again
she accuses him of killing his parents
and he clarifies that his mother killed
herself after his father cheated on her
and he retaliated by cutting the brakes
of his father's car killing him and his
mistress
noah takes claire to a barn house where
he has tied up garrett and kevin and
explains that killing them will help him
and claire to start a new life together
noah pours kerosene around the barn
causing it to ignite in flames
garrett frees himself in attempts to
choke noah with a rope prompting noah to
shoot him in the chest
claire stabs nose eye with kevin's
epipen noah removes the epipen from his
eye and blindly attacks claire when he
is about to kill kevin claire pulls a
lever that drops an engine on noah
killing him
claire and kevin then help a wounded
garrett exit the burning barn house as
police and paramedics arrive
you